How to create an index.html at root level via getStaticPaths() (#1389)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/routing.md

}
```

#### Example: Dynamically create a top level root page

To dynamically create an index.html at root level (e.g. for content fetched from a headless CMS), include an object with `slug: undefined` in your `getStaticPaths()` function.

```astro title="src/pages/[...slug].astro" "slug: undefined"
---
export async function getStaticPaths() {
  const pages = [
    {
      slug: undefined,
      title: "Astro Store",
      text: "Welcome to the Astro store!",
    },
    {
      slug: "products",
      title: "Astro products",
      text: "We have lots of products for you",
    },
    {
      slug: "products/astro-handbook",
      title: "The ultimative Astro handbook",
      text: "If you want to learn Astro, you must read this book.",
    },
  ];
  return pages.map(({ slug, title, text }) => {
    return {
      params: { slug },
      props: { title, text },
    };
  });
}

const { title, text } = Astro.props;
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

> #### Example: How to create an index.html at root level?
> 
> If you want to create an index.html dynamically at rool level (e.g. for content fetched from a headless CMS), you have to provide `undefined` as value for the slug to `#getStaticPaths()`.
> 
> ```astro
> ---
> // /src/pages/[...slug].astro
> export async function getStaticPaths() {
>   const pages = [
>     {
>       slug: undefined,
>       title: "Astro Store",
>       text: "Welcome to the Astro store!",
>     },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example: Dynamically create a top level root page

To create an index.html at root level (e.g. for content fetched from a headless CMS), include an object with `slug: undefined` in your `#getStaticPaths()` function.

```astro title="src/pages/[...slug].astro" "slug: undefined"
---
export async function getStaticPaths() {
  const pages = [
    {
      slug: undefined,
      title: "Astro Store",
      text: "Welcome to the Astro store!",
    },
```
This looks great @jablonski, thanks so much! I've made some minor adjustments to just tighten up the wording a bit and to add some code highlighting. Can you take a look and verify that it still expresses what you were going for?

Author: Perfect, thank you very much for improving my wording.
